So now we get into some really fun stuff.
This one is called duplexify.
So duplexify lets you define a stream,
where maybe you have to do some setup
first before you can really get a handle.
So as an example,
good thing that you can use duplexify for
is maybe you have to do some setup and
then you're gonna write to a file.
So maybe you have to make
a directory first, and
then you have to write
input into that directory.
So duplexify, I can show you
an example for how to do that.
It makes setting that up a lot easier.
And then you don't have to expose
an asynchronous interface like with
a callback.
You can just expose something that
people can write to right away.
Those writes get buffered and
it gets put into the file.
So let's go ahead and do that with
duplexify, call this one dup.js.
So we require duplexify,
I think I have that installed.
Just in case I don't,
require('duplexify').
And now maybe we have.
So this is gonna be a module, suppose,
that is gonna be a logger, so,
It'll take a log name and
we're gonna return a stream that
consumers can write their log
data to in a log directory.
So we can use this package called mkdirp,
which you can install
with npm install mkdirp,
like that, do it the faster way,
and, This is like the Unix
command mkdir -p.
So if the directory already exists,
that's fine.
If it doesn't exist, then it creates it.
So we're gonna make
a directory called logs.
And then inside of that directory,
we're gonna,
We're gonna make a new log
file that we'll write to.
So to do that,
we can return the duplexify stream.
And then later,
once we've done something asynchronous,
there could be even more steps involved,
we're gonna call fs.createWriteStream.
So we'll do fs.createWriteStream.
And it'll be logs/the name.log, why not?
So we couldn't do this if the directory
called logs didn't exist.
So this module, duplexify, sort of lets
us defer some of those interfaces that
we don't, so that we don't have to write
our own buffering, queueing logic.
It's pretty useful sometimes.
So this is a writable stream that we
can now set into our duplexify stream.
So you call d.setWritable(w),
which is gonna be that stream.
And duplexify will also
forward the errors.
So if there's an error event on
the w instance, which is an event,
you have to listen for normally.
Then duplexify will sort of take that
in and put it out the other side.
So someone who's consuming it can use it.
So gotta move this example
into the directory.
So we'll call this file our api.js, and
then we'll make our script
that's gonna run this file.
So we'll load our duplexified API.
So this is like a logger script, so
we could call it, whoops, log.
So it's gonna give us a stream back,
a writable stream.
So I don't know, we'll just stream.write,
(Date.now) plus new line.
And maybe we'll do that a couple of times,
and then we'll quit.
So just do it every 100 milliseconds
until, 5 times.
And then we'll close the stream.
Okay, so we're just using our interface
that's provided by duplexify.
Notice how there's no log directory.
Now when we run this script,
there is a log directory.
And inside of that log directory,
we didn't pass a name in, so
we got undefined.log, but that's okay.
So there we go, some data.
That's about what I would expect it to do,
so good.
I'll just commit these.